fix(alembic): Alembic migration log clear password (#22)
wiremind/chartreuse: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v4.3.2 (2023-05-11)
### Fixes

>   - Do not log almbic migrations log in clear

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Do not log alembic url (with password) in clear
```
?
